{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 everyting in nox, including nox itself, is a node
\b0 \
and every node has the same, consistent set of methods\
and properties. wether what the node represents is an email,\
a movieclip or a pig, you can do the same things \
with all of them. the results may ofcourse differ.\
\

\b some nodes are containers\

\b0 they contain other nodes. examples of containers are \
mailboxes, youtube channels, and farm stables.\
\

\b some containers are services\

\b0 they represent \'91real life\'92 sources like an email \
account, a youtube account or a farm. services \
require a connection and possibly credentials to start up.\
\

\b some nodes are relations\

\b0 for example, an email can contain a movieclip that is about a pig.\
such relations are itself nodes. in theory, any node can be \
related to any other node.\
\

\b some nodes are users\

\b0 users have roles providing privileges to perform\
a method on a node, or retrieve a property or relation.\
in particular, at any moment, there is a \'91current user\'92.\
\

\b nodes are often handled in chains
\b0 \
when you call a method on a chain it will be called on each \
element in the chain, and the result is again returned as a chain. \
\

\b each node can have several versions\

\b0 for example, an archived revision and a draft revision, an english \
and a dutch translation, or a color and a black & white variation,\
or all eight of those.  wether that is supported depends on \
the service that provided the node.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\

\b nox is a framework\

\b0 it does everything mentioned above. but it does not do\
a lot of other things. amongst others:\
\

\b nox does not render anything\
i
\b0 t is not about representation. it does come bundled with a \
render engine that is sufficient to build a website. other\
render engines may be added manually.\
\

\b nox does not manage anything\
i
\b0 t is not about content management. it does come bundled with a \
simple cms that allows you to manage services, nodes, users and\
relations. other cmses may be added manually.\
\
\
\
\
}